Making api specs auto generated by cli (#203)
BesLogic/releaf-canopeum: README.md

## Regenerating the API spec with NSwagStudio

Run `npm run generate-api-client` to generate and replace directly the openapi spec file
(Hint: Don't forget to be in canopeum_frontend folder to run the command)

<!--

> In case the command stops working and you need to manually regenerate it (prefer fixin gthe command though):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the command stops working and you need to manually regenerate it (prefer fixing the command though):
```
